docs: Interview README updates (#11)
DigitalPath-Inc/alertwest-interview-q1: README.md

- Polls `GET /queued` and `GET /resources` every second; responses are currently not processed.

> # Exercise
> Please read through the entire exercise before starting to work on it.  The exercise is broken into two parts, and you will need to complete Part 1 before starting Part 2.  The two parts are related, but can be completed independently.  However, you should not start working on Part 2 until you have a solution for Part 1.

Reviewer: It might be nice to have them create a `SOLUTION.md` file first answering all the below questions so that it doesn't get lost in the readme

```suggestion
# Exercise
Please read through the entire exercise before starting to work on it.  The exercise is broken into two parts, and you will need to complete Part 1 before starting Part 2.  The two parts are related, but can be completed independently.  However, you should not start working on Part 2 until you have a solution for Part 1.

Before you start on code implementation, open a pull request with your proposed solution in a `SOLUTION.md` file. You should include details as outlined in the below segments.
```

Author: That is a great idea.

> > We are looking for a solution that can be run locally, so please include instructions on how to run the server and client locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> We are looking for a solution that can be run locally, so please include instructions on how to run the server and client locally.
```

## Part 1: Identify Queries being Executed

> > Hint: Review Part 2 before settling on a solution to Part 1.  Your solution in Part 1 will be necessary to understand which queries are in the queue peding exection.

Reviewer: minor typo, and github has nice rendering if you include the > [!NOTE] block
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Hint: Review Part 2 before settling on a solution to Part 1.  Your solution in Part 1 will be necessary to understand which queries are in the queue pending execution.
```

### Deliverables

- Modify the server and client to support your selected architecture.

> - Include inline and readme documentation regarding architectural decisions made throughout the process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include inline documentation and an overview in solution.md regarding architectural decisions made throughout the process
```

### Your Solution Overview (Add your Documentation Here)
Please provide a brief overview of your solution, including:
- The architecture you chose to implement and why?
- How you ensured all queries are captured?
- How you handle network or client failures?

> - Any additional considerations or challenges you faced during implementation.

Reviewer: Should we move this to `SOLUTION.md`?

- Update the client code to schedule queries using the appropriate algorithms
- Document the system you've designed and how your approach achieves the targeted utilization

### Part 2: Your Solution Overview (Add your Documentation Here)
Please provide a brief overview of your solution, including:
- The algorithms you implemented for query scheduling
- How you estimated the resource utilization for each query
- How you ensure the system maintains the desired resource utilization spread?

> - Any additional considerations or challenges you faced during implementation.

Reviewer: same here, should this be moved to solution.md?
